OR2024 Roundtable Discussion Submission

The 19th International Conference on Open Repositories, June 3-6th 2024, Göteborg, Sweden

For authors: Follow the directions and where appropriate replace with your own content.

A reminder that the theme for OR2024 is: "Empowering Global Progress"

OR2024 provides an opportunity to explore and reflect on the ways repositories enable transparent and sustainable information and data. How can we better utilize repositories for empowering global progress? How can we develop the capacity of institutions to implement sustainable open repositories to improve data equity worldwide and support the SDGs? How can the repository community harness AI responsibly to support their goals?  We are interested in the following sub-themes:
 - Transparency: Promoting research  transparency
 - Community: Elevating underrepresented communities
 - Sustainability: Opening research for climate justice

You will be asked to select a sub-theme at the time of submission.

Title of Proposal
Author 1 name, affiliation, email address; Author 2 name, affiliation, email address

Abstract
Summary of your proposal; maximum 200 words. The abstract should be a concise summary of the background, problem, or approach for the roundtable discussion. You will copy and paste this into the submission system at the time of submission.

Keywords
List 3-4 key terms or phrases that describe the subject of the proposal.

Audience
Tell us in a sentence or two who is the likely audience for this. Some examples might be repository managers, developers, data producers, librarians, etc.

Time
Roundtable conversations will be 60 minutes 

Proposal (No more than 2 pages)
 - Tell us what will be covered in this roundtable. Why will your topic be of interest to the intended audience? Include figures and images if they will help reviewers evaluate the proposal content.
 - Outline how you envision the discussion facilitators contributing to the overall discussion and why their perspective will be distinctive. All discussions are expected to be welcoming to diversity in viewpoints.
 - What are examples of questions you will use to facilitate the conversation?
 - All proposals should be in English and 2-3 pages in length.

References, if applicable
Use any clear unambiguous reference style you like.
