OR2024 Poster / Minute Madness Submission

The 19th International Conference on Open Repositories, June 3-6th 2024, Göteborg, Sweden

For authors: Follow the directions and where appropriate replace with your own content.

A reminder that the theme for OR2024 is: “Empowering Global Progress”

OR2024 provides an opportunity to explore and reflect on the ways repositories enable transparent and sustainable information and data. How can we better utilize repositories for empowering global progress? How can we develop the capacity of institutions to implement sustainable open repositories to improve data equity worldwide and support the SDGs? How can the repository community harness AI responsibly to support their goals?  We are interested in the following sub-themes:
	- Transparency: Promoting research  transparency
	- Community: Elevating underrepresented communities
	- Sustainability: Opening research for climate justice

You will be asked to select a sub-theme at the time of submission.

Title of Proposal

Author 1 name, affiliation, email address; Author 2 name, affiliation, email address

Abstract
Summary of your proposal; maximum 200 words. The abstract should be a concise summary of the background, problem, approach and conclusions of the work described. You will copy and paste this into the submission system at the time of submission.

Keywords
List 3-4 key terms or phrases that describe the subject of the proposal.

Audience
Tell us in a sentence or two who is the likely audience for this. Some examples might be repository managers, developers, data producers, librarians, etc.

Proposal (no longer than 1 page)
	- Tell us what you will cover in the poster. Why will your poster be of interest to the intended audience? As a reminder, posters most often cover ongoing work that is not yet ready for a full presentation.
	- Explain how a visual presentation will help you to convey key points.
	- All accepted posters are expected to provide one slide to be presented in a one minute teaser session.
	- Your proposal should be in English and no longer than 1 page.

References, if applicable
Use any clear unambiguous reference style you like.

Please note: An author/presenter from each accepted poster will participate in the Minute Madness session. For the Minute Madness session, the presenter gets one slide and one minute (or less) to pitch/describe their poster or work. 
The Minute Madness presentation serves as an advertisement for your poster to encourage people to stop by to learn more. This is a fun, lighthearted session. 
This Minute Madness slide typically includes the title of the poster, the author names, and an image or a few notes. The Minute Madness slide is typically not a copy of your full poster. 
